## PROseq_etal Output

All output files will be placed in a directory named `results/` that will be created the first time you run PROseq_etal.

Preprocessing output:

* `trimmed/`: fastq files processed with fastp.
* `reports/`: Reports about trimming generated by fastp.
* `fastqc/`: fastqc output.

Alignment output:

* `align/`: Bam files generated by chosen aligner.
* `sorted_bam/`: Bam files sorted by coordinate with SAMtools.
* `alignment_stats`: Alignment statistics generated by `bamtools stats`

MACS2 output:

* `macs2_callpeak/`: peak calls from MACS2
  - This is the only MACS2 output if the `method` parameter in your config is set to `PROseq`.
* `macs2_differential/`: output of `macs2 bdgcmp` comparison of Input to enrichment using subtraction comparison.
* `macs2_enrichment/`: output of `macs2 bdgcmp` comparison of Input to enrichment using fold difference comparison.
* `macs2_sort/`: sorted output from `macs2_differential/` and `macs2_enrichment/`; needed to run bedGraphtobigWig.
* `macs2_FE_bw/`: bigWig versions of `macs2_enrichment/` bedGraphs
* `macs2_diff_bw/`: bigWig versions of `macs2_differential/` bedGraphs.

HOMER output:

* `homer_tagDir/`: Tag directory created by HOMER, which HOMER requires as input for all of its tools.
* `homer_findPeaks/`: Peaks called by HOMER.
* `homer_mergePeaks/`: Merged HOMER peaks, merged with HOMER.
* `homer_annotatePeaks/`:  HOMER called peaks annotated by HOMER. Both the separate and merged peaks are annotated.
* `annotate_narrowPeaks`: MACS2 called peaks annotated by HOMER.
  - If config file parameter `macs2_narrow` is set to `False`, then this directory will be replaced by `annotate_broadPeaks`.

Coverage files:   

* `genomecov/`: BedGraphs generated with `bedtools genomecov`.  
    - If `method` is `PROseq`, then separate plus and minus strand versions of all coverage files will be generated, with directories appended with `_plus` and `_minus` respectively.
* `chrom_sizes/`: Chromosome sizes used for bedGraphToBigWig.
* `bg2bw/`: BigWig versions of the coverage bedGraphs.
* `normalize/`: Normalization scale factors used to scale the coverage graphs. Can use spikeins by providing a string unique to all gene names from the spike-in annotation to the `spikename` config parameter.

HTSeq quantification (PRO-seq only):

* `quantify/`: Calculation of gene body and pause site coverages using HTSeq, as well as pause indices calculated using a custom R script.

There is also a `logs/` directory created in the working directory of the pipeline. This includes directories named after each rule in the pipeline, and log files from the execution of each of these rules. This is where you should go to get information about what went wrong if you run into pipeline failures.
